---
layout: page
title: "Research"
permalink: /research/
---

I have a diverse set of interconnected research interests! I started out with a strong motivation to improve human health, which I explored through co-op and research positions in my biomedical engineering degree at the University of Waterloo. I then took a year of unclassified studies at the University of British Columbia to learn more about the environment and the sociopolitical context of healthcare, through which I developed a passion for ecology. I chose to follow this passion into my Master's at UBC, during which I studied the ecological effects of light pollution.

Right now, I am really motivated by projects that bring these interests together by aligning environmental health with human health. I am currently seeking a PhD position, for which I am especially interested in studying the health effects of radioactive waste generated by oil and gas extraction and disposed of via injection wells. Below are some of my past projects.

## How does artificial light at night affect ground-dwelling insects?
### Project for MSc in Plant Science, University of British Columbia (2022-2025)
### Co-supervised by Dr. Juli Carrillo and Dr. Quentin Geissmann

Artificial light at night is growing at an astounding rate. As historically dark areas become perturbed by brighter and bluer lights, the daily rhythms of many life forms may change in unprecedented and poorly understood ways.

## HeartAgain pediatric transplant support system
### BASc project, University of Waterloo (2018-2020)

Our project aimed to keep a pediatric transplant heart beating and monitored outside the body during transport.

The Journal of Heart and Lung Transplantation. A Closed-Circuit Ex Vivo Perfusion System for Pediatric Solid Organ Transplantation. Haller, C., Walford, D., et al. (Volume 40, Issue 4, Supplement). Toronto, ON, Canada, 2021.
